Our team is dedicated to creating a safe and positive working environment that encourages teamwork. To fulfill all of these goals, we created a Code of Conduct that enlightens what behavior we expect out of all team members.

Respecting yourself is respecting others. It is expected of everyone to act in a civilized manner and to be mindful of their peers. Being kind and respectful of the time of others is something everyone has to follow. Any kind of harassment and discrimination will not be tolerated and will be appropriately handled.

It is expected that every team member completes their assigned tasks within the deadline that is agreed upon by all team members. In case of any unexpected issues occurring that can prevent a team member from completing their task or from attending a meeting, it is expected that they contact the team as soon as possible. Constant communication is an important factor in our team's success and, in case there is a need for contact, that can be done through email, Discord, in person or any other means possible.

Honesty is what should stand above all, and everyone should exercise it to show mutual respect between their peers. If a teammate knows that they cannot finish a task on time, it is OK to ask for help or for an extended period of time if the current situation allows it. It is also expected that the member provides a valid explanation as to why they were not able to complete the task at hand. As long as the reason is not something selfish or ignorant like "I was too busy playing a game" or any of the kind, it can be deemed as a valid explanation. Still, even if the team member is excused, it is still expected from them to catch up on their work until the next deadline, which will also mean that they will have more than one task to complete.
In the case of multiple unfinished tasks and there isn't a proper explanation as to why, then the team will request the currently assigned professor to give that team member a strike. And, of course, it will still be expected from the member to catch up on their work and do double the tasks, since catching up does not excuse anyone from not taking up a task. We think that the consequences of these are necessary for the overall motivation of the team.

The team has decided on a schedule for the scrum meetings which will be held two times weekly on `Wednesday and Friday`. The meetings have been scheduled as such with the time gap in mind, so tasks can be done before every meeting. If unexpected issues arise that prevent a meeting from happening, then after inquiring with each team member, the day for the meeting will be rescheduled. Our meetings will be held both in person and when needed in Discord. Holding the meetings in person is crucial to keeping up the activity of every member. When needed, as mentioned, meetings will be held on the online platform called Discord. The online space offers all the necessities needed to hold meetings and to communicate with teammates. The needs can include voice chatting, screen sharing, and many more. All these features will help us to preserve interactive contact with everyone in the team. In case of abscent team members in a meeting, a proper explanation is required before the meeting takes place. If there is no explanation, first absence is an infromal warning, second absence is a formal strike, every further absence is a strike as well.

Learning from your mistakes is how you move forward as a team and, as an individual, we will constantly try to improve our communication and work as a team. This means that feedback and constructive criticism from within and outside the team is more than welcome. By agreeing to follow this Code of Conduct, we acknowledge that as a team we can fulfill the imposed goals.

